docs: added registered trademark symbol to mentions of external software (#19684)
druid-io/druid: docs/development/extensions-core/kubernetes.md

Consider this an [EXPERIMENTAL](../experimental.md) feature mostly because it has not been tested yet on a wide variety of long running Druid clusters.

> Apache&circledR; Druid Extension to enable using Kubernetes&circledR; API Server for node discovery and leader election. This extension allows Druid cluster deployment on Kubernetes without Zookeeper. It allows running multiple Druid clusters within same Kubernetes Cluster, See `clusterIdentifier` config below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apache&circledR; Druid extension to enable using the Kubernetes&circledR; API Server for node discovery and leader election. This extension allows you to deploy a Druid cluster on Kubernetes without Zookeeper and run multiple Druid clusters within the same Kubernetes cluster. For more information, see the `clusterIdentifier` configuration below.
```
